1. middle name field
2. primary number
3. secondary number
	for member and ecs




4. confirmation page for forms (just redirect to a display page after saving; offer update/delete options; note: would have to delete matches associated with the ride) - adam
5. add notes table to attach to drivers ("on vacation until," etc...) from admin/driver/:id; delete/edit notes -adam
6. add rides notes and make adding notes available in admin ride new/delete/edit notes -adam

6. drivers cannot assign themselves/ driver panel - mike
7. drivers are either a volunteer or a private driver (add boolean private:true to db) - mike DONE
8. on admin panel, flag matches that are private drivers - mike DONE
9. admin ride panel - create ride button leads page with searchable field with list of members --> submit takes you to create ride form where member's locations,etc will be available - adam
10. add full_name column to admins and members - adam
11. super admins can view and edit other admins - mike DONE
12. different color layouts for members, drivers, admin - mike
13. resetting passwords -- admins retrieve for members/drivers? devise - email?
14. admins resetting password?
15. pins for members and drivers to sign up?
16. FILTERS
	1. only a super admin can create a new admin account - mike DONE
	2. drivers and members only see their pages (before actions?) - mike DONE

17. make tweaks now that drivers cannot self-assign?? may not be necessary
18. instructions on forms
19. when drivers log in, they can update their schedule and info and can view their scheduled rides; that's it -adam
20. admin change driver assigned to a ride - remember to update the assinged_by as well; OR add changed_by column -adam
21. timepicker js debugging -- find new timepicker??
22. error reporting on forms --
23. copy driver sign up over to admin namespace and take out "I's", etc
24. add inactive columns for admins drivers members
25. mark rides as complete and add completion notes (updating that column on rides table)
26. Handle validations - look over models
27. link in dropdown for admin to view archived rides.
28. display completed rides for a given driver on drivers page in admin panel???



BONUS:
1. drivers get automatically emailed ride info when they are scheduled
2. javascript validations for forms*****
3. Search completed drives by member or driver
